ice-cream is such a beloved dessert
because it is so soul satisfying I need
an ice-cream right now
hello ice cream what is so unique about
Cold Stone Creamery is that they've
taken the idea of ice cream and elevated
it to the point where the like okay
we're gonna give you every flavor you
want
[Music]
I've got some creative elves in the head
office ray the tastemaker at cold stone
is like the mad scientist behind all
these loopy flavors
some of them include chocolate devotion
banana caramel crunch cheesecake fantasy
and then there is what's called apple
pie alla cold stone the way I come up
with new ice cream is I look at classic
desserts and see how I can translate
them into ice cream the unique thing
about Cold Stone Creamery
is there no melt ice cream secret behind
the no melt ice cream is the instant
pudding mix pudding normally has a
different texture than ice cream and so
when you combine the two it will prevent
the ice cream from melting and tripping
it sort of looks like soft-serve right
now but we're gonna put it through our
special freezing process it's gonna go
into the blast freezer at minus 20
degrees for about 4 hours to make it
into ice cream finish it off and go
ahead try it test it let it sit and
before you know it its footing but it's
never gonna melt now this is a unique
ice cream
the reason why they call it Cold Stone
Creamery is because they take the ice
cream and they spread it out and they
add the mix-ins and they work it all
together on an actual cold stone dough
mix it whatever you want you want gummy
bears great want peanut butter candy is
great you want toffee bits almonds
coconut I mean there's like 75 things in
the bin there that's unique I love
cookies a cream my favorite it's a
guilty pleasure plus if you order the
really really really large one in the
really really really big cone it's
enough ice cream to feed a family of six
what really makes Coldstone unique is
the choices you can make ice cream your
way I think we need to cut to the chase
Cold Stone Creamery
is dessert pornography it's all about
fantasy worlds where you create your own
dessert
and really come out with a fantastic
tasting ice cream that you can't get
anywhere else but Cold Stone Creamery
here we go
so oh sorry okay so don't run that one
sorry I don't know